Incorporate GAT feedback (#1922)
galaxyproject/training-material: topics/admin/tutorials/tool-management/tutorial.md

Occasionally the tool installation may fail due to network issues; if it does, just re-run the `shed-tools` installation process until it succeeds. This is a known issue the developers are working on.

> > ### {% icon tip %} Can I install tools without a ToolShed? Without Restarting?

Reviewer: Maybe split in 2 tips?

Author: Can do!

Occasionally the tool installation may fail due to network issues; if it does, just re-run the `shed-tools` installation process until it succeeds. This is a known issue the developers are working on.

> ### {% icon tip %} Can I install tools without restarting?
> Yes. The default tool config (`config/tool_conf.xml.sample`, copy to `config/tool_conf.xml` to modify) has an option, `monitor="true"` set in the root `<toolbox>` tag. This instructs Galaxy to watch the tool files referenced in that config and load or reload them as necessary. It will also add any tools you have added.
{: .tip}

> ### {% icon tip %} Can I install tools without a ToolShed?

> > Yes. The galaxy_local_tools option for the `galaxyproject.galaxy` Ansible role can be used to install local tools, or you can manage them in another way that fits your workflow better. EU, for example, maintains a repository of tools that are not installed from the toolshed to aid their local developers. This is deployed to the server using the `git` module, rather than the Galaxy Ansible role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Yes. The `galaxy_local_tools` option for the `galaxyproject.galaxy` Ansible role can be used to install local tools, or you can manage them in another way that fits your workflow better. UseGalaxy.eu, for example, maintains a repository of tools that are not installed from the ToolShed to aid their local developers. This is deployed to the server using the `git` module, rather than the Galaxy Ansible role.
```

- Together, `usegalaxy.*` are working on a collaborative approach at [galaxyproject/usegalaxy-tools](https://github.com/galaxyproject/usegalaxy-tools) but this is not consumption ready yet.

If running ephemeris directly is not your preference, there is also an Ansible [role](https://github.com/galaxyproject/ansible-galaxy-tools) and a sample [playbook](https://github.com/afgane/galaxy-tools-playbook) that can help automate some tasks.

> ### {% icon tip %} What if environments are not working
> It sometimes happens in Galaxy, that one environment isn't working anymore. It mostly happens from the start when it does happen. You can remove the environment on disk, or use the "Manage Dependencies" interface, select the environment, and delete it. Then re-install the dependency through the same Manage Dependencies interface.
{: .tip}

> ### {% icon tip %} Can you install multiple tools simultaneously?

> > Previous experience with this is not good, there was a lot of unsafe code that would do things simultaneously that would destroy config files. But now it's conda, so you may destroy conda environments. A solution for this is like how [usegalaxy.eu]()https://github.com/usegalaxy-eu/usegalaxy-eu-tools does it, where we keep the full list of tools we want to install, and then a CI server (jenkins) installs these. Here we can enforce that only a single install process is running at any time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Previous experience with this is not good, there was a lot of unsafe code that would do things simultaneously that would destroy config files. But now it's conda, so you may destroy conda environments. A solution for this is like how [UseGalaxy.eu does it](https://github.com/usegalaxy-eu/usegalaxy-eu-tools), where we keep the full list of tools we want to install, and then a CI server (Jenkins) installs them. In this way we can enforce that only a single install process is running at any time.
```

Author: Feel free to just commit these changes directly :)
